Titiksha Wankhedkar
E-mail Address: titikshax.wankhedkar@gmail.com
Mobile No. :(+91) 9359614122
Professional Summary:

● Having 2.5+ Years of IT experience in MuleSoft AnyPoint Platform (Mule ESB).

● Experience in MuleSoft AnyPoint Platform.
● Having experience in designing Flows, Sub Flows.

●● HExapveinrige nexcep eirni ednecseig inni dnegs aignndi ndge vFelloowpisn, gS uRbE FSlTofwusl . APIs using AnyPoint studio
and AnyPoint platform.

and AnyPoint platform.

● Daneds iAgnneydP aonindt d pelavtefloorpme.d Mule ESB projects using various connectors like Database, Salesforce.
● Exposure to Mule AnyPoint platform components (Any point studio, Anypoint API
designer, Any Point API manager, Connectors, AnyPoint API portal).

designer, Any Point API manager, Connectors, AnyPoint API portal).
● Implemented flows using Anypoint Studio based on the client's requirements.

●● IHmapnldesm-oenn teexdp felroiwensc ues iinn gd aAtan ywpeoainvte SLtaundgiou abgaese tdo oanc ctheses c pliaeynlto'sa rde qduatiare, mpreonptes.r ties,
and variables ofMule Message Flow.

and variables ofMule Message Flow.
● Good understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Technical Skills:
Integration Technologies: Mulesoft (Mule4)
API Tools: RAML, Anypoint Exchange
Databases: MySQl, PostgreSql
Version Control: GIT, GitHub
Ticketing Tools: JIRA
Testing Tools: POSTMAN
Work Experience:

● Infosys Limited – Total 2.5 years (MuleSoft Developer from April 2022 to till date)
Details of Projects:

Details of Projects:
Project Name : INTEL (Market to Sales)
Designation: Systems Engg(Mulesoft Developer)
Duration: Sep 2023 To Till Date
Environment: Anypoint Studio
Description:
Intel Market to Revenue project consists of different programs like Next
Generation Rules planning, Product integration, Intel Premier Support, and
Registration. There are two parts of Intel Sales and service after sales. To optimize
and completion of Sales process and service- related process will be providing
integration solutions for integrating multiple systems. This integration provided by
using the cloud based MuleSoft Any Point platform and studio.

Roles:
● Develop Mule applications for ESB layer.
● Experience in MULE componants like Flow Controllers, Scopes, Filers, Munit, and
Connectors.
● Worked on SOAP and REST API’s
● Implemented exceptional stretegies using Error handling and try-catch blocks.

●● IAmnpalleymzeedn ttehde erexccreupittieomneanl ts torfe ttehgei epsr oujseicntg, PElrarnonr ehda,n adnldin Cg oaonrdd itnrya-tceadt cwhi tbhl otecakms. members to
implemeted the objectives.

implemeted the objectives.

● iPmarptliecmipeatteedd tihne d oabiljye cstcirvuems. meeting to discuss the progress of the projects and any blockage of
the work and the solution of the block.

the work and the solution of the block.
Details of Projects:
Project Name : CISCO (Service Delivery)
Designation: Systems Engg(Mulesoft Developer)
Duration: Nov 2022 to Sep 2023
Environment: Anypoint Studio
Description:
CISCO project consist of different programs like Service Delivery, Customer
Success. To optimize and completion of Sales process and service-related process
will be Provides an overview of resourcerequests assigned to a particular userand their
status. Migrationproject from Mule3 to Mule4 where worked on migration anddeployment
of Mule API’s on cloud.
Roles:
● Deployment of Mule applications on premises and Hybrid

●● DAenpalloyyzemde tnhte o rfe Mquuirlee mapepnltisc aotfi othnes porno pjercetm, pisleasn naendd, Hanydb rcido ordinated with team members to
implemet the objective.

implemet the objective.

● iPmarptliecmipeatt et hien odbajielyc tsicvreu. m meetings to discuss the progress of the projects and any blockage of
the work and the solution of the block.

the work and the solution of the block.
Certifications
• Mulesoft Certified Developer – Level (MCD - L1)
• Mulesoft Certified Integration Associate (MCIA)
Education:

CSMSS College of Engineering Aurangabad, Maharashtra. B.Tech (Computer Science and Engg)
(79.81) 2017- 2020