[REDACTED_NAME]

Lead Data Scientist – Here Technologies
Male

[REDACTED_CONTACT_LINE]

Cell no .: [REDACTED_PHONE]

I am eager to contribute to this revolution of automation, machine learning and data analytics domain. with
around 13 years of experience in Information Technology sector and 9 years in data analysis, machine
learning and deep learning domain, as well as team leadership and project/program management
experience, and demonstrable communication skills, I have much to offer.
Employment Experience:
Ø Here Technologies, : From Aug 2023
Ø Ubisoft Entertainment Pvt. Ltd, : From Jun’2018 to Aug 2023
Ø Reliance Jio Media Pvt. Ltd, : From Aug’2015 to Jun’2018
Ø NIIT Technologies, : From Sep’2014 to Aug’2015.
Ø Hungama Digital Media Pvt. Ltd, : From Mar’2013 to Sep’2014.
Ø Cynosure, : From Aug’2011 to Mar’2013.

[REMOVED_SECTION_EDUCATION]

Bachelor of Engineering Information Technology University
Engineering
Technical Skill Set:
Programming languages/Technology Python, Big Data Analytics, Machine | Deep Learning,
Computer Vision, NLP, AWS, HDFS, Scala, Apache Spark, MySQL, Cassandra, PHP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
Database MySQL, Cassandra, Hive
Technical Skills Python (NumPy, OpenCV, pandas, scikit-learn, nltk)
Machine Learning Convolutional Neural Networks, TensorFlow | Keras,
, | OpenCV, NLP
Year

[PAGE_NUMBER]

Project’s Experience:
1# HERE Indoor Map Portal – Indoor maps generation
Development and implementation of automation pipeline for Here indoor map portal for efficient indoor map
navigation. The process utilized Lidar/imagery and point cloud data as input to generate precise indoor maps for
various garages.
Technologies/Tools: Python, AWS, DBSCAN, Deep Learning, Computer Vision | OpenCV, NumPy
Role and Responsibilities:
Involved in development and maintenance of pipelines for various services: point cloud down sampling, point
cloud-processing, parking spot detection and ramp detection.
2# Self-Driving Car / Automated Navigation of car and Bug Detection in an official Ubisoft game using
Artificial Intelligence, Evolution strategy, Deep Learning and Computer Vision
Designed and implemented self-driving car in an official game in Ubisoft. this project involved complete design
& functionality analysis and at the same time assuring its quality using automation testing with AI self-driving
agent trained on game environment and perform desired task without manual intervention.
Technologies/Tools: Python, Evolution Strategy, DBSCAN, Deep Learning, Computer Vision | OpenCV, NumPy,
TensorFlow | Keras, ELK Stack
Role and Responsibilities:
Ø Trained and generated a segmentation model for prediction of road detection using deep
neural network and achieved 97% accuracy on hold-out test data set.
Ø Implemented and trained multiple agents using CNN for on-road navigation and traverse
between multiple points in the map without any manual intervention.
Ø Trained and generated segmentation model to identify obstacle on-road as well as off-road and
implemented feature detection for real time object detection and avoid collision and successfully
traverse across open world navigation and drive between multiple checkpoints/co- ordinates in the
map.
Ø Identification and detection of defects in real time using DBSCAN Clustering.
Ø Captured videos and logs and build Reporting Tool to do analysis of data using Elasticsearch,
Logstash and Kibana
3# Big Data Analysis and Data Science Solution for Jio Mobile Apps
Involved in innovative mobile app product development and integration of mobile apps and conducting basic data
& competitive analysis.
Environment: Big Data Analytics, HDFS, Apache Spark, Machine-Learning, Python, Scala, Hive, PHP, MYSQL,
Cassandra, JSON, XML, Android, iPhone.
Role and Responsibilities:
Ø Involved in implementation of high volume transactional mobile services used by 10M+
customers using Spark and HDFS.
Ø Designed and implemented Spark Jobs.
Ø Analysis of users’ events and application and content downloaded, and time spent details.
Ø Recognizing the themes and topics of the articles and Auto-summarizing text using K-Means and KNearest Neighbors.
4# Sentiment Analysis & Intent Classification on Player’s Survey
Analyze Customer survey free text response and Identify themes/groupings and report on players sentiment

i.e., Intent Classification & Sentiment analysis of customer and display daily/weekly or monthly trends in
dashboard charts.
Environment: Python, Transformers, Rasa NLU, ELK Stack
Role and Responsibilities:
Ø Involved in Design, Development, Management, Maintenance, Testing of CRC project.
Ø Involved in building pipeline for deployment and display daily/weekly/monthly status in
dashboard charts in Kibana using ELK Stack
5# AI based Video Content Moderation System
AI based video content moderation system that accepts or rejects video automatically if child is alone in video i.e.,
Identifying Child and Adult in a Video
Environment: Python, Deep Learning, TensorFlow, OpenCV
Role and Responsibilities:
Ø Involved in Development, Management, Maintenance, Testing of Content Moderation project.
Ø Data Preprocessing and Training Deep Learning model - Face detection and Age Detection to
classify whether child and adult in the video or not.
6# Duplicate Bug Analyzer
AI based Duplicate bug analyzer that identifies if Jira bug is duplicate or reopened or closed.
Environment: Python, Transformer, Pytorch, ELK stack
Role and Responsibilities:
Ø Involved in training and building pipeline for deployment and display
daily/weekly/monthly status in dashboard charts in Kibana using ELK Stack.
7# Text Accessibility Tool
Text Accessibility Tool provides information like height of words in text, count of characters and lines of subtitle,
sentence etc. Additionally, they also wanted to identify the contrast ratio of different foreground text and
background colors in an image and validate WCAG standards.
Environment: Python, Tesseract-OCR, PyQT5
Role and Responsibilities:
Ø Involved in Management, Development, Maintenance and Testing of the Tool
8# Text-to-Speech Automation Tool
Amazon Polly implementation to generate audio dialog files from text.
Environment: Python, AWS, Amazon Polly, PySimpleGUI
Role and Responsibilities:
Ø Involved in Management, Development, Maintenance and Testing of the Tool
9# Face Recognition System
Implementation of facial recognition using OpenCV, Python and deep learning and perform face detection, extract
face embeddings from each face using deep learning, and train a face recognition model on the embeddings and
recognize faces in both images and video streams.
Environment: Python, Deep Learning, Computer Vision | OpenCV, Random Forest
Role and Responsibilities:
Ø Trained a face recognition model using open face model and detected faces of both known and
unknowns faces in both images and video streams and trained Random Forest to recognize person.