[NAME]

[REDACTED_EMAIL]

[REDACTED_PHONE]

[NAME],

IBMR

(63.67%)
[NAME], Dharwad
(72.64%)
[NAME] PU College PUC
(Commerce) Dharwad
Completed in 2012
(79.67%)
[NAME]. Dharwad
KA SSLC (State
[NAME]) Completed in
2009 (64.48%)

WORK EXPERIENCE

UST Global- Prod Support Analyst
Feb 2023 to Jan 2024
Hard Skill
SQL - Oracle DB, SQL server

UNIX

Power Bi
Dekstop Power BI services
MS Excel

ITIL

SDLC

Geneos
Control m
Informatica
Bistalk

JIRA

Key responsibilities:
Soft Skill
Observation
Decision making
Communication
Multi-tasking
Sneha Telkar
Production Support Engineer
Professional with total 6+ years of experience in consulting and
supporting, functional as well as technical areas under the financial
domain. Experienced in working alongside with business users in
and across Globe. Appreciated by clients, project managers,
higher management at various instances for being proactive with
responsibilities, suggesting enhancements in the existing process
and providing commendable workarounds.
Having 6+ years of experience in Production Support Role for
supporting application developed on Windows and Linux servers.
Having good understanding of monitoring production environment,
incident
management

(ITIL),

production
deployment
cycle,
weekend
activities/releases,
change
request,
automation,
escalation matrix and quarterly server activities. Involved in various
projects and provided support throughout the project completion
like Eo SL, application upgrade. Strong problem management and
problem investigation skills with the ability to learn new skills
quickly to value add in problem focus areas.
As an Integration resource, responsible for providing production
support to inbound and outbound process. 834 eligibility and
claim acknowledge.
Working on control m failed and running job and taking
necessary steps if the job fails or take more time than usual.
Working on JIRA tickets that has been created in queue.
Monitoring jobs in informatica, checking session logs in
informatica.
Scheduling adhoc run on jobs in control m for report generation
Performing daily, monthly and quaterly activities like 834, 837
inbound, FCF (FInalised claim file), EDI, 989 and 277CA
acknowledgement.
Closely worked on BA in the period of annual enrollment
period - AEP
Working on Tier one patching activity, active participation
during deployment and UAT testing
Basic check up of Biztalk jobs during job failures..
worked in sql data migration project
Achievements
Allscripts- Production Support Analyst
Stood
star
performer
of
the
August 2020 to January 2022
month.
Received
a
word
of
appreciation from client
for completing current day work
in time.
Attended various learning and
development
trainings
and
received
Key responsibilities:
My role in this organization demands me to stay on my toes
whilst supporting application and production environment.
Monitoring job, processes, messaging Q, servers, INC Q, web links
and data inconsistency via Geneos tool.
Handle support related issues to manage the support issue
resolution within defined timelines.
Accept tickets on problem management tool and work towards
resolving them while working with the development team.
Perform Root Cause Analysis of the reported issues. Work with
the development team to understand the new release, product
features.
Create and maintain a knowledge base of known support issues
and resolutions.
We provide support to user’s query, data extraction request,
enhancement request and all issues raised by them.
Performing routine health for the application system by doing
checkouts.
Working on failed jobs promptly and coordinating with upstream
and downstream systems to resolve the issue.
Working closely with the users, operators to resolve their issue
related to any dispute transaction.
Active participation in the outage calls and interact with
business to resolve the issue timely.
Maintaining the in-house developed adapters in UNIX servers,
deploying emergency fixes, scheduled bundles and patch
releases, monitoring of active connections, errors or exceptions
thrown by the APIs to adapters, querying of database for report
extraction are some of the tasks to summarize
Highlighting recuring issues to BA and DEV to have permanent fix
on them also identifying process which can be automated.
certificates.
Awarded
as
best
performer in fun activities

CO-CURRUCULAR ACTIVITIES

Participated in National Level
Management Fest, Intra
Management Fest.
Won various prizes in Fest events.
Won certificates in NCC.
Participated in many NGO visit

[REMOVED_SECTION_PERSONAL]

Maersk - Support Analyst
2019 to June 2020
English: Speaking, Reading and Writing
Hindi: Speaking, Reading and Writing
Kannada: Speaking, Reading and Writing
Marathi: Speaking, Reading and Writing Konkani: Speaking
Key responsibilities:
Providing 24*7 support to multiple application used in
invoice processing.
Providing weekend on call support for weekend activities like
service restart, server reboot, weekend jobs monitor.
Creating weekend work book and cutover for weekend
activities.
Working on job failure by debugging job logs in log directory
and taking appropriate action
Work with Dev team at the time of deployment and
supporting new product
Ensuring all the application and process are up and running
well
Creation of SQL queries for the users for data extraction
report
from data base
Scheduling adhoc Queries via task scheduler in windows server.
Amazon Development Center - Fin Ops Support Analyst
July 2018 to September 2019
Key responsibilities:
TATA Consultancy Services - Production Support Engineer
Total Duration: June 2014 to October 2017 (3 Year 4 Months)
Data Analyst (2yrs)
Key responsibilities:
Release co-ordination with stakeholders to ensure smooth deployment into production.
Supporting in Accounts Receivable Cash, client billing and collection Applications for smooth payment and
invoicing process.
Performing application health checks and ensuring that all applications are green before the start of business.
Monitoring production environment to ensure everything is up and running fine.
Fixing the production issues to have zero business impact and ensuring that the SLAs are being met.
Monitoring job’s, investigating job failures and resolve them. Participating in the deployment, Patching, DR &
QMW weekend activities.
Performing sanity checks for ensuring that the application is working fine and given post-deployment support
Daily system and application health checks are performed to ensure the smooth running of the application.
Identifying & resolving customer issues within SLA & following standard priority processes P1, P2
Working on adhoc data extraction request from business.
Addressing users query and providing solution on them.
Documenting known production incidents into knowledge base.
Key responsibilities:
Responsible for 24*7 supporting and maintaining system application written in SQL, PL/SQL and Unix.
Providing weekend on call support for weekend activities like Host Reboot, Hardware Replacement and
deployment. Sending i Announce & i Alert to set of users which will be impacted by application outage.
Providing real time and short-term solution to user’s query on critical issues.
Working on Service Now to Attend tickets like product info missing, data discrepancy by datalink url and data
extraction. Etc. Finding and sharing the root cause of the issue reported by users.
Handling database alerts and taking appropriate action like adding table space, remove blocking, reduce
replication latency, taking server out of rotation.
Categorization of issues – create report in Ms-excel to check what are the frequent issue team is getting and
reason behind it and address same to Dev to reduce volume.
Creating KA for new issues and share with L1 support team so that they can resolve issue at their end by following
the steps.
Creating weekend workbook and cutover for weekend activities.
Working on job failure by debugging job logs in log directory and taking appropriate action.
Work with Dev team at the time of deployment and supporting new product.
Ensuring all the application and process are up and running well.
Extract data from data base as per user’s requirement.
Extract data from data base as per user’s requirement. Preparing dashboards on Accounts Receivable data
using Power Bi desktop.
Helps in taking Decision based on the report findings Extracting the Financial AR and AP data from the data
source like Ms Excel Oracle, SQL and sales force.
working on Data Cleaning and removing unwanted information through Power Bi query editor Prepare reports
and interactive dashboards on the above informatio and communicate the insights of these reports to the
particular location's Accounts Manager.
Consult with team and have discussion regarding the dashboards to work on the improvement measures.
Studying the why clients are terminating their services with the company and submitting the reports to AR
manager that helps the manager to take necessary actions in retaining the clients.
Extracting Accounts statement and aging report and preparing dashboards of the sane and sharing the reports
with AR manager to chase the pending payment.
Studying the data and understanding the client's demand for the particular healthcare product. Studying with
customer's payment trend with the customer data, that helps in altering the credit period of clients by applying
statistical forecasting and tests.
Extracting the data on AR Dispute Cases and understanding the trend of disputes, sharing the reports with AR
manager to understand the cases on payment hold.
Preparing AR collection dashboards and submitting the reports to the AR Collection team to chase the pending
payments.
Preparing adhoc projects and dashboards as per the request.