[NAME]

: [REDACTED_PHONE]

[REDACTED_CONTACT_LINE]

CAREER OBJECTIVE:

To reach the most impeccable heights in software industry as a Software Engineer updating
my knowledge and skill set forever.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

➢ 4.7 years of experience in all aspects of Design and Development of applications using
Dot Net Core, ASP. NET MVC, WEB API, ASP. NET, C#. NET, Dot Net Core, SQL Server 2018,
Java Script, JQuery with hands - on a multiple projects and products.
➢ Good Knowledge of OOPs, SOLID Principle and Design Patterns.
➢ Having experience in financial significant application.
➢ Experience in Share Point Product Development, Application Development, Document
Management System and Migration projects.
➢ Experience in Share Point Client-Side Object Model (CSOM) development.
➢ Strong skills in planning and executing the functionality of different application layers.
➢ Core technology focused areas include ASP. NET MVC, Entity Framework, WEBAPI, . Net
Framework, C# and SQL. During Service development Work with tools like Fiddler, Postman.
➢ Highly motivated to take on responsibilities, an active team player and able to
contribute Efficiently.
➢ Having experience application support and functionality enhancement.


WORK EXPERIENCE


➢ Working as a Sr. Software Engineer at Yash Technologies from May 2022.
➢ Working as a Software Engineer at Square Vision Technologies from Dec 2019 to May 2022.


SKILLS


➢ Languages: OOPS, C#( C Sharp).
➢ Web Technologies: ASP. NET, ADO. NET, ASP. NET MVC , LINQ, Entity Framework,
HTML, CSS, WEB API, Ajax, . Net Core.
➢ Data Base and Tools: SQL Server 2018, Postman tool.
➢ Scripting Languages: Java Script, JQuery.
➢ Dev. Environments: Visual Studio 2019/2022.
➢ Standard Guidelines: SOLID Principles, Design Patterns.

[REMOVED_SECTION_EDUCATION]

Role: Developer
Description:
Responsibilities:
#Project 2:
Project Title - Emirates Global Aluminium
Front End: Angular
Technologies: C#, Azure Dev Ops
Duration: Oct 2022 to Feb 2023
Role: Developer
Description:
Responsibilities:
• Worked on timer jobs in c#.
• Create APIs to call timer jobs from front-end
• Worked on Document download from Share Point using c#.

Caterpillar Account Reconciliation Tool in which user enter the monthly closing balance and
comparing this balance with different account entry balance, on that base report generate by user for
specific account.
Caterpillar Account Entry System in which users enter the account balance through globe and
application process the data through different approval filtration after that finally archive activity
perform.
• Requirement estimate the user stories requirement.
• Create technical design.
• Code development.
• Publishing changes in different environment.
• Responsible for bug fixes and enhancement in application as per business requirement.
• Responsible for Deployment of User stories in multiple environments
• Interaction with client for closing period and performing other enhancement activity.
• Debugging, fixing bugs reported and working on continuous enhancements.

Share Point applications which are still On-Premises and are required to move to Cloud (Policies and Procedures, Capital Project Vendor System, EHS Contractor Site) (My EGA to SPO365). Along with
Integration Server and related services related detailed solution features and system functionality
required for the current engagement.
#Project 3:
Project Title - CIMS (COLLEGE INTERVIEW MANAGEMENT SYSTEM).
Front End: HTML, CSS, JQuery.
Technologies: C#, MVC 5, Web API 2, Entity Framework, Java Script.
Database: SQL Server 2014
Duration: March 2021 to May 2022
Role: Developer
Description:
The objective of this project was to provide solution for online college interview process. It is
an Australian based project to create a product solution to make interview process smoother than
earlier. This product provides a facility to University, College, TPO, Student and an Organization HR to
handle all responsible activities online very quickly. This product maintains all roles and
responsibilities of an individual with all their tasks. This product contains all notifications which are
required for every role based on their priority jobs.
Responsibilities:
• Responsible for developing . NET based web services for sending notification over to the students

regarding job.
• Responsible for maintaining the application after development, enhancements and changes in

terms of performance and client specific requirement.
• Involved in Scrum meetings to understand client requirements.
• Involvement during testing support.
• Involvement during deployment activities.

#Project 4:
Project Title - Cosmetic Health Insure .
Front End: HTML, CSS, JQuery.
Technologies: C#, MVC, Web API, Entity Framework, Java Script.
Database: SQL Server 2014
Duration: July 2020 – Feb 2021
Role: Developer
Description:
This is web application project developed in web application MVC. Basically, this project is in
health domain. Project contain three types of users included admin, surgeon & agent. Agent has one
or many surgeon assigned and surgeon have multiple patients assigned. Admin is system admin have
all access. For expensive surgery, company agent enrolls patient for insurance by choosing policy
with respect to the plans available. Claims are submitted on the basis of patient surgery which is
registered on the policy plan.
Responsibilities:
• Involved in developing and testing the application currently in use by the client developed using

ASP. Net, C#, HTML, CSS, MVC, Java Script with SQL Server 2014 as the database.
• Involved in maintaining the application after development, enhancements and changes in terms

of performance and client specific requirement.
• Involved in Scrum meetings to understand client requirements.

[REMOVED_SECTION_PERSONAL]

[REMOVED_SECTION_DECLARATION]