[REDACTED_NAME]

Senior Software Engineer

[REDACTED_EMAIL] [REDACTED_PHONE]


SUMMARY


Senior Software Developer with Five years of expertise in C#, WebAPI, SQL and associated
technologies. Demonstrates proficiency in backend development with C# and specializing in the
construction of Web APIs(. NetCore). Committed Agile practitioner with a strong ability to adapt
and rapidly assimilate new concepts. Experienced in project deployment on construction sites and
successful migration of a VB6 project to the . Net Core with Angular platform for enhanced
performance and maintain ability. Certified in Aws developer and DP-900 with 1 year experience
in AWS and 6 month in azure

PROFESSIONALEXPERIENCE

CitiusTech HealthCare Technology, Senior Software Engineer
03/2024 – present |
Project: Internal Application PGS(Project Governance System) and QMS
Description: Developed few pages in the legacy application in . Net Framework and Updated the
code of Legacy application according to client requirement.
Project: OIC Conversion
Description: This platform is used for building, deploying and managing enterprise level
integration for our internal application. We move 1 service to OIC from .net Framework.
That service will run every night after 12 and insert data in respective table.
Infosys Limited, Senior Associate Consultant
12/2019 – 03/2023 |
Project: Tracker Migration
Description: In tracker Migration We have 4 application that having VB6 code we need to
migrate that application to . Net Core with Azure.
Roles, Responsibility and Achievement: Worked as a backend developer Converting Desktop
legacy Application to Web Application, Lead the API team if any issue occur help them to
resolve them, Analyze the existing legacy application design and discuss flow with architect for
better understanding before development , Got Commendable(Top 2rating) and got a opportunity
for onsite(H1B Visa), Completed DP-900 for Azure.
Project: United Airline
Description: This project involves the conversation of Asp . Net to . Net Core with AWS
Roles, Responsibility and Achievement: Prepared the architect of Legacy Application for hosted
in cloud, Created POC in . Net with AWS, One to One connect with onsite, Completed AWS
Developer and Practitioner Certificated.
Cognizant Technology Solutions, Associate
12/2019 – 10/2021 |
Project: Duke Energy
Description: It is a fortune 150 company, America largest energy holding companies
There project involve in the maintain, support and development that make customer work easier.
Roles, Responsibility and Achievement: Understand and Analyze Customer Requirement and
design the code or update the application that’s make their work much easier. Created optional
application of legacy application module that help customer for better result.
Elogist Solutions, Software Developer
03/2019 – 11/2019 |
Project: D O S T ( D i g i t a l O p e r a t i o n o f S m a r t T r a n s p o r t a t i o n )
Description: Elogist is product based company on transportation. I worked here as a
Angular developer.
Roles, Responsibility and Achievement: Created dashboard for partner and management
Update the mobile application in ionic , Created module in legacy application

[REMOVED_SECTION_EDUCATION]

JECRC (Engineering Collage &
Research Center),
Geeta Anand Senior Secondary
School, Sheoganj Dist-: Sirohi

TECHNICALSKILLS

TOOLS

➢ Visual studio
➢ VS code(Basic)

➢ JIRA

➢ GIT

➢ SSMS


SKILLS


C#, Asp. Net, Web API, ASP. NET,
MVC, SQL, Angular(Basic),
HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript
, GIT,. Net Core

ACHIEVEMENT

➢ Got A chance of H1B Visa
➢ Got (Top2) Commendable
rating in Infosys and Cognizant
➢ Completing DP-900, AWS
Practitioner and AWS

[NAME]

LANGUAGES

➢ English
➢ Hindi