[REDACTED_NAME]

Sr. [NAME]. |
Ajmer , | | [REDACTED_PHONE],[REDACTED_PHONE]

[REDACTED_EMAIL]

Driven and innovative Android Developer with a proven track record of excellence in the software industry.
Recognized for inspiring teams to exceed expectations and fostering a culture of creativity and innovation.

[REDACTED_CONTACT_LINE]

understanding of the Android framework, Kotlin, and Java.


SKILLS


• Proficient in Jetpack components, MVVM/MVC architecture, RxJava, Material Design, LiveData,
ViewModel, coroutines, and Dependency Injection.
• Strong understanding of algorithms, data structures, and software engineering practices.
• Strong understanding of SDK development and integration for user engagement, analytics, and other
functionalities.
• Experience with Git, GitHub, and Android Studio
• Experience with o
• Continuously exploring new languages, skills, techniques, and platforms.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

• Contributed multiple UI and Utility libraries in Java and Kotlin for the Android Platform as an
OpenSource Enthusiast.


EXPERIENCE


08/2022 - Current

ﬄ ine storage, threading, and performance tuning
Paytm
Sr. Software Engineer
1. Manage and develop mobile applications for banking and Ewallet domains, ensuring
high security and superior user experience.
2. Developed a user engagement and analytics SDK for wallet applications, leading to a
20% increase in user retention.
3. Designed and implemented complex user interfaces with animations, resulting in a 30%
improvement in user satisfaction.
4. Reduced technical debt by 25% through optimisation and refactoring of old internal
libraries used in multiple Android applications.
5. Optimised and refactored old internal libraries used in multiple android applications
6. Conducted regular code reviews to maintain code quality and consistency across the
team.
04/2021 - 07 / 2022 Tudip Technology
Software Engineer
1. Transformed end-to-end food ordering web applications into Android and iOS
applications using Kotlin, Java, and Swift.
2. Successfully implemented custom push notification and payment gateway features in
both applications, enhancing user engagement and revenue by 15%.
3. Automated communication processes between applications and web apps, reducing
manual effort by 40%.
4. Developed a printer service using TCP connection for both applications, improving order
processing efficiency by 20%.
5. Implemented QR code scanner and room database using MVVM architecture,
facilitating seamless data management.
05/2019 - 0 4 / 2021 AAVAS Financiers
Android Developer
1. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to create data-driven mobile applications
based on customer input, resulting in a 25% increase in user satisfaction.
2. Employed various debugging techniques to identify and fix bugs, ensuring a smooth
user experience.
3. Managed the entire Android app lifecycle from research and planning to deployment and
post-launch support.
4. Designed immersive user interfaces using native technologies like MVP/MVVM,
enhancing user engagement and retention.
5. Designed user interfaces that engaged multiple senses and produced immersive
experiences.
6. Implemented version third party payment and user analytic SDK
7. Integrated push notifications into apps, leading to a 20% increase in user
engagement.

[REMOVED_SECTION_EDUCATION]

Goverment Engineering College , Ajmer (Raj)
Senior Sec. (Physics, Chemistry, Maths )
April 2014
S. D. Public Senior Secondary School


PROJECTS


Live Android projects
• Paytm Business - Paytm for Business app is the fastest & easiest way to collect payments from
customers.
• Paytm - Paytm is an Ewallet app used for bill pay, money transfer, UPI payments, for online bookings
• Unravel - Unravel is a two-way travel discovery platform for the Video Native generation On the one hand, as a
creator-economy platform, enable the world’s most popular content creators to video content, enable seamless
purchase experiences, in order to engage deeply with consumers
• KICB - Kicb is a banking application for net banking, payment, money transfer, offers, loan
• Dosh - Dosh is the app that lets you send & receive money instantly, and split bills between friends, flatmates
and colleagues instantly, any time of day, seven days a week using just your smartphone!
• Wink Order - Online takeaway and order food application from tables in restaurants through the
application
• Aavas Nirman
• Aavas Loans
• Aavas Technical
• Aavas Mitra
• Lead Management Application.
• Enables existing Customers to access their loan account-related details.

• Simpliﬁes the process of referring customers.