CAREER OBJECTIVE Results-driven finance professional with 9+ years of experience in financial analysis, strategic planning, and budgeting. Seeking a managerial role to leverage expertise in driving business growth, fostering collaboration, and leading high-performance teams towards achieving organizational goals. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION • DIPLOMA IFRS (ACCA U.K) • CHARTERED ACCOUNTANT (ICAI) • GRADUATION IN COMMERCE ACHIEVEMENTS • Completed growth program at Hansen beck (Austria) for young leaders. • Awarded Spot recognition in Hoerbiger for extended support for MEC as backup for Japan entity controller. • Awarded with Spot award for quick learning in FIS. • Awarded with Kudos for Team work and taking up responsibilities of other team members as well. • Helper in Sahyadri Seva Sang. (Association working Experience • Hoerbiger India Pvt Limited (Oct 2021 – till date) (Lead Finance Analyst) The major experience and skills gained during the period are: Involved in management decision making and assist from finance perspective. Controlling - Yearly Budget planning, Monthly Forecasting, and year end estimate updates for entity as well as region APAC. Accounting – Month end & Year end closing in SAP S4P for Hoerbiger Japan entity. Management reporting - Monthly preparation, Analysis, and presentation of operational business review to Management for entity & APAC region. Presentation to top management (viz. CEO & CFO) of operating results of the region quarterly & to regional MD - monthly. Kaizen – 1 accounting headcount saving in Japan entity by process improvement ideas (savings of 65m JPY per annum). Analyzing entity results viz. SG&A cost and taking initiatives in controlling the same. • British Petroleum (shared service center) (Mar 2021 – Oct 2021) The major experience and skills gained during the period are: Intercompany agreement creation, Intercompany reconciliation & variance analysis Calculation cost recharges and charging the same to other group companies. Settling once payment is received. • FIS Global solutions India Pvt. Ltd. (Shared Service Center) 4+ years (Jan 2017 – Mar 2021) The major experience and skills gained during the period are: Taking over transition of new legal entities for shared service to be performed from India. Mrs. Preeti Amarlal Wadhwani Permanent & Current Address:- Flat no. 305, Pavilion Residency, Mahalunge, Balewadi Pune 411045. Contact No: Email id. – for education of unprivileged kids) COMPUTER PROFICIENCY Working knowledge regarding application package SAP, Tagetik, Chat GPT, Oracle, Blackline, MS Office, Tally ERP9. PERSONAL DETAILS • Date of Birth: 17th Jan, 1992 • Father’s name: Mr. Amarlal Wadhwani • Languages known: Hindi, English, Sindhi & Marathi • Hobbies: swimming, cooking & reading books. PERSONAL ASSET My strength may be marked with three words:- • Accept • Adapt • Achieve These are the three assets with which I work. Assisted in system transition. Preparation & presentation of standalone financial statements, notes to accounts and audit independently of subsidiaries of FIS based on IFRS. Variance analysis, tax filings, transfer pricing co ordination and statutory compliances. • 1 & ½ year post qualification working experience in Tulsi Extrusions Ltd ,Jalgaon( May 2015 – Oct 2016) The major experience and skills gained during the period are: Preparation of financial statements (Profit and loss, Balance sheet, Cash flow statement, Notes). Assisted in Company audit, Income tax audit & Vat audit of Tulsi Extrusions Ltd. Analysis/Variance analysis of financial statements (Balance Sheet & Profit & Loss Account) including notes to accounts. 3 years intensive full time training under the guidance of Jain Agrawal & Associates, Chartered Accountants, Jalgaon.(From Aug 2011 – Aug 2014) DECLARATION I hereby ensure that all above mentioned data is true to the best of my knowledge. Date:06/10/2024 Place: Pune (Maharashtra)