Lead Software Engineer with 10+ years of Experience

one

akash- -6

E-mail

Industrious Senior Consultant, Individual Contributor with excellent critical thinking and team-building
talents Familiar with the policies and procedures of product development and operations.
Competent in staff management and proposal development.

Skills

Python| Backend Development| APIs| Flask| Django| Design patterns| Data Science|
Machine Learning| Artificial Intelligence| Ansible| Jenkins| Docker| Kubernetes| AWS|
Azure| OpenSTack| OpenShift| Kubernetes| Linux| Windows| OpenSource
Contributions| Go| MySQL| MongoDB| Cassandra| Team Leading| Project
Management| Scrum Master

Work History

May 2023 -

Senior Consultant & Team Lead

Current

InfoBeans, Pune

Developed the code to get the continuous health checked, configuration
details, and validate it with rules, and provide suggestions.
Leading the team to meet the deadlines.
Enhance the product as per the new requirements.
Work with Product Manager, Engineer Manager, and Directors to improve
the products.
Tech stack use - Python, Django, machine learning algorithms, Jenkins,
Node JS.
Platforms used - Linux, Windows, MAC

Apr 2021 -

Senior Software Engineer

Apr 2023

Red Hat India Pvt. Ltd, Pune

Wrote APIs to change the behavior of OpenShift APIs as per the customer's
requirement.
Integrated multiple stacks of Red Hat, as per the scenario.
Link -
Tech stack used - Python, REST APIs, Django, OpenShift, AWS, Azure,
Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, Pandas.

Sep 2019 -

Software Engineer

Apr 2021

SAP Labs India Pvt. Ltd., Pune

Developed a code for the products are databases that are supposed to
move to AWS, Azure clouds from on-premises.
Contributed in bug fixes.
Tech stack and tools: Python, Azure, AWS, boto3, Flask, Ansible, Jenkins
pipelines, Docker, Kubernetes, HashiCorp Vault.
Platforms used - Linux, Windows.

Jun 2016 -

Associate Software Engineer

Sep 2019

Red Hat India Pvt. Ltd., Pune

Developed a product to certify different components of OpenStack like
cinder, manila, neutron etc
Checked the insights of the customers and manipulate it as per the
requirement
Tech stack and tools - Python, BDD framework, Jenkins, Django, REST APIs,
Jenkins, tempest, numpy, pandas, seaborn

Jun 2015 -

Associate Software Engineer

Jun 2016

Izel Technologies, Pune

Developed a product that was a wrapper on top of different OpenStack
services to execute different apps on the cloud. Contributed in an Open
Source project.
Tech stack and tools - Python, Django, Java, OpenStack, Jenkins, Ansible.

Jun 2014 -

Intern

Nov 2014

SAP Labs India, Pune

Developed the code to automate scenarios of the databases.
Supported staff members in their daily tasks, reducing workload burden
and allowing for increased focus on higher-priority assignments.
Contributed to a positive team environment by collaborating with fellow
interns on group projects and presentations.
Gained hands-on experience in various software programs, increasing
proficiency and expanding technical skill set.

Certifications

Red Hat Certified Developer in Containerized Applications| Red Hat Certified
System administrator| Crucial conversations| GO basics