[NAME]

[REDACTED_CONTACT_LINE]

[NAME], - .

[REDACTED_NAME]

 Over 11 years of IT experience specializing in Java-based application development .
 Currently working as Lead Engineer at Hitachi Digital Services for 3 years, overseeing HCAP Operate projects, driving strategic
improvements, and ensuring successful project outcomes.
 Previously Lead Engineer at Quest Global for 3.1 years, focused on implementing a mobile device management system.
 Served as Consultant ( Module Lead ) at Mahindra & Mahindra Group (Bristlecone Ltd.) for 2.5 years, developed solutions to
manage product sales activities.
 Gained experience as a Software Engineer at Sterlite Technologies Ltd ., worked on a BSS product for 10 months.
 Received a CEO award for exceptional innovation and contributions to project work.
 Proficient in Agile methodologies with experience in tools such as Bitbucket, Jira, and Confluence
 Acted as Scrum Master , responsible for sprint planning, task creation, team delegation, organizing scrum and retrospective meetings.

TECHNICALSKILLS

Skills Core Java , J2EE, Microservices , Spring boot , Rest API , Elasticsearch, AWS
Frameworks Spring, Hibernate, JPA
Development Tools Docker, Kubernetes, Spinnaker, IntelliJ , Postman, Jenkin , Grafana
Scheduler Tools (Opsgenie, PagerDuty), Jacoco. ITSM tools (ServiceNow, Cloud Aware),
Database Technologies MySQL, PostgreSQL, Elasticsearch , and SQL server
Management tools Git , Jira , and Confluence
Script Languages HTML, JavaScript, jQuery

WORKEXPERIENCE

Hitachi Digital Services (formerly Hitachi Vantara) – (Dec 2021 to Present)
Project Name : HCAP Operate
Description : HCAP Operate is an orchestration tool for managing incidents. It automates capturing and responding to incidents,
allowing support teams to work more quickly and efficiently. It helps reduce resolution time by using machine learning to provide the root
causes and runbooks with specific instructions for incident. HCAP integrates with ITSM tools such as
pulls team details from scheduling tools like PagerDuty and OpsGenie.
Key Responsibilities :
 As the Lead Engineer for the HCAP Operate Accelerator project, I develop and architect solutions using Spring Boot,
microservices with data management via JPA .
 Collaborate with service teams to understand and analyze their requirements for effective
resolution.
 Managing containerizes applications using Docker and orchestrated deployments with
 Implement Redis caching to enhance application performance and use Kafka for real-time messaging and data processing
 Create and manage RESTful web services (APIs) using annotation-based approaches for integration with external systems.
 Work with Conjur APIs for secure information management and integrate with third-party tools such as
systems.
 Utilize AWS cloud platforms for application hosting, scaling, and infrastructure management, ensuring high availability and
performance.
 Monitor, respond to, and resolve incidents within the platform, coordinating with appropriate teams for
 Maintain detailed documentation of development processes and provide regular performance and Quest Global Technologies – (Nov 2019- Dec-2021)
Project Name : MDM (Mobile Device Management)
Description : Mobile Device Management (MDM) service to manage the devices, which are secure smart phones developed by
client that uses Android platform. The devices will be given to employees of the government or commercial organizations, and they will be
managed using Corporate Owned Personally Enabled (COPE) process. Policy Enforcing: There are multiple types of policies that can be
enforced on MDM users, VPN configuration, Application Catalogue, Firmware update, Pre-defined Wi-Fi and Hotspot settings,
Wipe device and Device locking
.
, Azure, Kafka , Redis, Conjur
, SonarQube , OWSAP Dependency,
JMeter
ServiceNow and CloudAware and
incident management and Kubernetes
ITSM and scheduling
swift issue resolution .
progress report
Key Responsibilities :
 Developed a mobile device management system to push policies to mobile devices.
 Built applications using Spring Boot, Hibernate, JPA, and JPQL for robust and scalable solutions.
 Addressed performance issues through query optimization and conducted performance testing with
 Utilized SonarQube , OWSAP Dependency , and Jacoco for code quality analysis and reporting.
 Implemented and enforced various MDM policies, including VPN configuration, firmware updates, and device
management.
Mahindra And Mahindra group (Bristlecone Ltd.) - (Sep 2016- Nov-2019)
Project Name : DMS (Dealer Management System)
Description : It is essential for Auto OEMs to keep in close contact with the end consumers, build brand loyalty and provide total
customer experience. Implementation of centrally hosted Mahindra Dealer Management System (DMS) covers - Marketing, Pre-sales,
Sales, Services, Spares, Warranty, Dealer Financials, Analytics, CRM and Business Intelligence.
Key Responsibilities:
 Developed solutions to manage product sale s activities.
 Developed Online-Offline , SMS Manager, Tally software, and Spare Module.
 Utilized Spring, Hibernate, and JPA for development.
 Led module development, providing technical guidance and oversight.
 Designed and implemented backend services and system architecture
Sterlite Technologies Ltd - ( Nov 2015- Sep-2016 )
Project Name : CATMVNE (Communication Authority of Thailand mobile virtual network enabler)
Description : A Communication Authority of Thailand mobile virtual network enabler (CATMVNE) is a company that provides
network infrastructure and related services, such as network subsystems, business support systems (BSS), provisioning, administration and
operations support systems (OSS) to mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs).
Key Responsibilities:
 Designed and developed BSS (Business Support Systems) modules for mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs).
 Configured and developed applications using Spring Framework, including Spring MVC and JPA
 Worked on Hibernate configurations and designed database schemas.
 Developed and integrated RESTful APIs for system functionalities.
ExtrimityIndia Technologies - (Sep 2013- Nov-2015)
Project Name : Karlstone Inventory Management System
Description : Karlstone inventory management system extends beyond the traditional CRM functions and enable complete sales
cycle management features by integrating online inventory management. The main objective of the application is to automate the existing
system of manually maintain the records of the sales, purchases, recorder levels, Supplier, Customer monetary positions and other related
transaction made at the company.
Key Responsibilities :
 Developed applications using Java, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, and JPA .
 Designed and implemented backend services.
 Conducted code reviews, debugging, and testing to ensure high-quality software.
 Integrated databases and optimized queries for performance

[REMOVED_SECTION_EDUCATION]

[REMOVED_SECTION_PERSONAL]