PROFILE

      and detail-oriented Software Engineer with over 8 years of extensive experience in designing and developing robust software systems. Adept at leveraging the latest
technologies and methodologies to create innovative and
efficient solutions. Possesses exceptional problem-solving skills and a keen ability to quickly adapt to new challenges. Highly proficient in multiple programming languages and development frameworks, with a strong commitment to continuous learning and improvement

KEY SKILLS
WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Engineer SanDisk India Device Design Centre Pvt. Ltd | Bengaluru 2022 – Present Lead the design, development, and maintenance of robust system software within an Agile Scrum environment.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to collect and analyze requirements for new features and enhancements.
Worked closely with architects and implemented scalable and efficient solutions to meet the evolving needs of the system.
Conducted code reviews to ensure adherence to coding standards, scalability, and performance benchmarks.
C++ (11/14/17) and STL Python Boost Data Structure and Algorithms Design (HLD/LLD) Multithreading NVMe PCIe (PCI Express) Socket, TCP/IP, UDP Embedded Systems RTOS Agile Methodology Version Control Tools (Git/ClearCase) Collaborated closely with other team members, product
owners, QA, and other stakeholders to deliver high- quality software on time.

ACTIVITIES AND INTEREST Identified and resolved software issues and improved performance.
Created and maintained documentation for software components and processes.
Travel / Hiking Volunteering Meditation Tech: C++, Python, Multithreading, NVMe, PCIe, Windows Internals, HLD/LLD

Software Technologist

Philips India Pvt. Ltd. | Bengaluru 2021 – 2022 Designed and executed unit, integration, and system tests to ensure software quality and functionality.
Implemented the use of design patterns and best practices in software development.
Worked closely with product managers, designers, and
other stakeholders to align software development with business goals.
Tech: C++, Multithreading, Ultrasound Concepts Senior Engineer L&T Technology Services | Bengaluru 2019 – 2021 Developed, and maintain complex, efficient, reusable, and reliable code.
Designed and executed unit, integration, and system tests to ensure software quality and functionality.
Lead a team of developers, providing guidance and direction on projects.
Documented and demonstrated solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code.
Tech: C++, Python, Multithreading, Boost Software Engineer Scientific Games India Pvt. Ltd.| Chennai 2016 – 2019 Gathered business and technical requirements for software projects.
Developed, designed, tested, and maintained software, reusable, and reliable code.
Identified and fixed bugs in the software to improve performance and user experience.
Documented and demonstrated solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code.
Accomplished engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed.
Tech: C language, C++, C#.Net, Socket Programming, TCP/IP, UDP Intern Alcatel Lucent India Pvt. Ltd. | Chennai