multi processing Linux Development Docker PROFILE SUMMARY WORK EXPERIENCE Feb 2022 - Present Nov 2018 - Feb
2022
Lead engineer - Product Development c++ 14 Payments CPP Qml Other PERS on AL DETAILS
631 Days
668 Days software Programmer Build Linux / unix application s using C, C++, shell
script., Unix, Multithreading, Data structure and
algorithms, socket Programming, TCP & UDP Sockets,
STL. Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable,
and reliable C++ code maintain Debian and Red h at
packages and Other build Environment. software Developer • >Build Linux / unix application s using C++ and QT
platform ->Designed, coded, implemented and tested
new fe at ures and modules for the deriv at ives system
• >perform special requests for different projects -
>Analyzed server side in fr as tructure in cluding
functi on calls for memory management, threads
synchr on ization, multi threading, ->Create embedded
application s m at ching clients requirement ->system
Programming for ubuntu and r as pbian os for
deployment in r as pberrypi.
HMI interface for NGPD and Gen 5 D is plays
??? Working for C on structi on & for estry Div is i on of
John Deere au to motive. ??? Worked for Au to motive
D is plays for HMI Development in C++, User interface
(UI) Design in Qt/QML.
PC Simulation (SOD and DMS)
??? The Se at occupant detecti on (SOD) sub system in
MPIC system is resp on sible to detect the occupancy
detecti on/cl as sification of the occupants present in the vehicle. The system the n communic at es the
occupancy related in for mation to the Other
c on sumers c on nected over network. It also detects
the presence of a human head near the ro of for the
rear middle occupant. ??? Driver M on i to ring System
(DMS) is w at ching for driver face, eye bl in k, and
mouth to m on i to r driver st at e, the re are sever use
case for safety re as on s to detect if driver fells sleepy
the n warnto ECU. ??? PC simulation b as ed on Vec to r
canoe we can see all in put and output signal
v is ualization on canoe graph for Analysis of both
sub system SOD and DMS.
214 Days
578 Days
457 Days
485 Days
276 Days
335 Days
COURSES & CERTIFIC at I on S
WLP-FO Acquiring Australia
WLP-FO is Standards framework for authorization &
switching. Needto Create acquiring in stance for
Australia and New Zeal and Banking Group Create an
interface B as e 24 on is O 8583 using WLPFO pro to col
guidel in es. Th is interface can compose decompose
valid at e different Data element and send to authorizer
service, and c on figure authorizer in such a way th at
after all checks it can able to switch out message to different scheme like M as tercard, V is a, Amex.
WLP-FO Acquiring Magnus is a 20+ years old legacy SWITCH. It h as
some limitation s which restricts scalability & flexibility
to rollout out new product s & solutions at the
expected pace in the market. Some of the
Components in the technology stack are obsolete &
not in support by the OEMs as well Project is to
gradually replace MAGNUS (SWITCH) by WLP-FO -