in dustrious Senior C on sultant, with excellent critical th in king and team-building
talents Familiar with the policies and procedures of product development and operation s.
Competent in staff management and proposal development. Skills Python| AP is| Fl as k| Django| Design p at terns|
| Ansible| Jenk in s| Docker| Kubernetes| AWS|
Azure| Open stack| Open Shift| Kubernetes| Linux| windows| Open Source
C on tributi on s| Go| MySQL| M on goDB| C as s and ra| Project
Management|
May 2023 - Current Senior C on sultant & Team Lead
in fo Beans, Developed the code to get the Continuous health checked, configuration
details, and valid at e it with rules, and provide suggesti on s.
leading the team to meet the deadl in es.
Enhance the product as per the new requirements.
Work with Product Manager, engineer Manager, and Direc to rs to improve
the product s.
Tech stack use - Python, Django, mach in e learning algorithms, Jenk in s,
Node JS.
Pl at for ms used - Linux, windows, MAC
Apr 2021 -
Apr 2023
Senior software engineer
Red H at Pvt. Ltd, Wrote AP is to change the behavior of Open Shift AP is as per the cus to mer's
requirement.
in tegrated multiple stack s of Red H at, as per the scenario.
L in k -
Tech stack used - Python, REST AP is, Django, Open Shift, AWS, Azure,
Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, P and as.
Lead software engineer with 10+ years of Experience
akash-t and ale-6
Sep 2019 -
Apr 2021
software engineer
SAP Labs Pvt. Ltd., Developed a code for the product s are d at ab as es th at are supposed to moveto AWS, Azure clouds from on-prem is es.
C on tributed in bug fixes.
Tech stack and to ols: Python, Azure, AWS, boto 3, Fl as k, Ansible, Jenk in s
pipel in es, Docker, Kubernetes, H as hi Corp Vault.
Pl at for ms used - Linux, windows.
Jun 2016 -
Sep 2019
as soci at e software engineer
Red H at Pvt. Ltd., Developed a product to certify different Components of Open stack like
c in der, manila, neutr on etc
Checked the in sights of the cus to mers and manipul at e it as per the
requirement
Tech stack and to ols - Python, BDD framework, Jenk in s, Django, REST AP is,
Jenk in s, tempest, numpy, p and as, seaborn
Jun 2015 -
Jun 2016
as soci at e software engineer
Izel Technologies, Developed a product th at w as a wrapper on to p of different Open stack
service s to execute different apps on the cloud. C on tributed in an Open
Source project.
Tech stack and to ols - Python, Django, Java, Open stack, Jenk in s, Ansible.
Jun 2014 -
Nov 2014
Intern
SAP Labs Developed the code to au to m at e scenarios of the d at ab as es.
Supported staff members in the ir daily t as ks, reducing workload burden
and allowing for in cre as ed focus on higher-priority as signments.
C on tributed to a positive team Environment by collabor ating with fellow
in terns on group projects and presentation s.
Ga in ed hands-on experience in various software programs, in cre asing
pr of iciency and exp anding technical skill set.