[NAME]:

• Having 2.5+ Years of IT experience in Mule Soft Any Point Platform (Mule ESB). • Experience in Mule Soft Any Point Platform. • Having experience in designing Flows, Sub Flows. • Experience in designing and developing RESTful APIs using Any Point studio

and Any Point platform. • Designed and developed Mule ESB projects using various connectors like Database, Salesforce. • Exposure to Mule Any Point platform components (Any point studio, Anypoint API
designer, Any Point API manager, Connectors, Any Point API portal). • Implemented flows using Anypoint Studio based on the client's requirements. • Hands-on experience in data weave Language to access payload data, properties,
and variables of Mule Message Flow. • Good understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Technical Skills:
• Infosys Limited – Total 2.5 years (Mule Soft Developer from April 2022 to till date) Details of Projects:
Project Name : INTEL (Market to Sales)
Designation: Systems Engg(Mulesoft Developer)
Duration: Sep 2023 To Till Date
Environment: Anypoint Studio Description:
Intel Market to Revenue project consists of different programs like Next Generation Rules planning, Product integration, Intel Premier Support, and Registration. There are two parts of Intel Sales and service after sales. To optimize and completion of Sales process and service- related process will be providing integration solutions for integrating multiple systems. This integration provided by using the cloud based Mule Soft Any Point platform and studio.
Roles:
• Develop Mule applications for ESB layer. • Experience in MULE componants like Flow Controllers, Scopes, Filers, Munit, and Connectors. • Worked on SOAP and REST API’s • Implemented exceptional stretegies using Error handling and try-catch blocks. • Analyzed the recruitement of the project, Planned, and Coordinated with team members to

implemeted the objectives. • Participated in daily scrum meeting to discuss the progress of the projects and any blockage of
the work and the solution of the block.
Details of Projects:
Project Name : CISCO (Service Delivery)
Designation: Systems Engg(Mulesoft Developer)
Duration: Nov 2022 to Sep 2023
Environment: Anypoint Studio
Description: CISCO project consist of different programs like [NAME], [NAME]. To optimize and completion of Sales process and service-related process will be Provides an overview of resourcerequests assigned to a particular userand their status. Migrationproject from Mule3 to Mule4 where worked on migration anddeployment of Mule API’s on cloud. Roles:
• Deployment of Mule applications on premises and Hybrid • Analyzed the requirements of the project, planned, and coordinated with team members to

implemet the objective. • Participate in daily scrum meetings to discuss the progress of the projects and any blockage of
the work and the solution of the block. Certifications
• Mulesoft Certified Developer – Level (MCD - L1) • Mulesoft Certified Integration Associate (MCIA) Education:

Integration Technologies: Mulesoft (Mule4) API Tools: RAML, Anypoint Exchange Databases: My SQl, Postgre Sql Version Control: GIT, Git Hub Ticketing Tools: JIRA Testing Tools: POSTMAN Work Experience:
CSMSS College of [NAME], . B. Tech ([NAME] and Engg) (79.81) 2017- 2020