MAYUR PHONE

PATIL EMAIL

LOCATION

MULESOFT DEVELOPER

EXPERIENCE

Profile Summary

3+ years experience in customer relationship
Key Skills and supply chain management. Adept at supply

Software Design

Mulesoft Developer

Software Development Work Experience
Software Engineering 07/2021 - Present

Database Handling

• Proven experience in Mulesoft development,
Application Development with a strong grasp of Anypoint Platform
Object Oriented components, particularly Anypoint Studio. -
Programming Hands-on experience with Mule 3. X and 4. X. -

Knowledge of enhancing and developing

Spring Boot

Restful APIs to facilitate seamless data

Mulesoft Anypoint exchange between end applications. -
Proficiency in designing RAML-based APIs and

Mule ESB

ensuring proper documentation. - Strong skills
Mulesoft Integration in complex Dataweave (DWL) transformations
Mulesoft Anypoint Platform and the utilization of various connectors like
expressions, files, schedulers, and more. -
Unlock the full potential of databases with a
Certification hands-on journey through Postgres, MS-SQL,
and MySQL - Sound knowledge of ObjectMuleSoft Certified Oriented Programming (OOP) Patterns and
Developer - Level 1 (Mule 4) Concepts of Java Programming. - Experience
with Mule flows, scopes, debugger, error
Languages handling strategies, and logger for robust
integration solutions. - Ability to prepare

English

m

[LOCATION][LOCATION]

3 Years 0 Month
g

Hindi

Social links

n/mayur-patil96/

[REMOVED_SECTION_EDUCATION]

Projects

comprehensive documentation, including API
specifications and technical design
documents. - Familiarity with MUnit testing for
validating integration success and error
scenarios. - Knowledge of API deployment to
on-premises environments for seamless
integration with client infrastructure. -

Familiarity with Postman collections for testing

HTTP methods.
MBA/PGDM - Information Technology
2021

Centre for Development of Advanced

Computing (CDAC)
B. Ed - Education
2018
[LOCATION]University
10th
2012
[LOCATION], Marathi
Grade - 80-84.9%

Midas

790 Days
?? It is supply chain domain project where
receiving of mobility devices done by
automation. ?? In Midas there is different
module in which erasure where I integrated
IPSW API and worked closely with data
integration. ?? Implementation: Choice
Router, HTTP Request Connector, Scatter
Gather, file, Scheduler, Mule Oauth2.0 Access
Token/Validation, Data transformation(JSON),
async, Expression, Validation ?? Revised,
modularized and updated old code bases to
modern development standards and
improving functionality ?? Design UI in react
JS. ?? Ensured seamless migrations from
legacy systems to modern platforms through
meticulous planning, testing, and execution.
?? Mentored junior developers to improve

Odyssey

Erasure

their technical skills, fostering a culture of
continuous learning within the team
1063 Days
It is company intranet system where is project
management, HR management, employee
management system build and integrated with
system. ?? In this role, you'll be integrating
APIs from various third-party providers,
including Microsoft, Google, LinkedIn,
Monster, GreytHr, and Jira. Your strong grasp
of API integration will ensure seamless
interactions between our systems and these
external services. ?? Developed Java code,
developed web services for various
requirements. Involved on Code deployment
and code Build process. ?? Worked closely
with others team members to plan design and

Develop robust solution in timely manner

610 Days
It's a device data sanitization project