[NAME]

[REDACTED_CONTACT_LINE]


SUMMARY


7+Work Experience: I'm employed with Cognizant Technology
Solution company at the moment. I can work with a variety of
technologies as I have worked on projects at different phases of
their life cycles.
8+ years of experience in development and implementation in IT
Industry with. Net MVC, C#, React JS, JavaScript, Jquery its My
Technological forte.
Over 5 years of Experience on Microsoft Technologies Visual Studio
2012/2017 C#, ASP. NET-MVC, Web API, SQLSERVER and other
Web related tools.
Over 2 years of Experience on React JS, High chart JS, JavaScript.
Experience in Scripting languages JavaScript and Jquery for better

UI.

Experience in Entity framework for Data manipulation database for
retrieve & Store the Information value. Experience of working in the
complete Software development life cycle

PROFESSIONALEXPERIENCE

OneBilling - UPS (Dec 2022- till) - Cognizant Tech
Environment
C# , . NET core MVC, Web API , Entity Framework, JavaScript
Database
MS-SQL Server 2019
Role
Development and architecture . Net core MVC solution
Description: Employees at UPS may submit requests for any product
(including hardware products) by utilizing this application. Once a
request is made, it passes through several levels of review..
Request Submit: User is below to one region so as per the region it
will select the supervisor name .
Once supervisor is selected then populates his details .(Account no
, Region , Grade etc).
User will select the item category -Medical, Mechanical , other
material . After that user will select the actual product , required till
date , amount , any document then request will submitted .
Request Approval: for request approval request goes from various
stages -supervisor , manager and regional approval . Approval can
reject , approve, RFI (Request for Information) the request . Once
request is approve then item is delivered to the user .
ICLS3- Web - Client- UPS (Oct 2021-Nov20 23) -
Cognizant Tech
Environment
React JS ,. NET Web API , C# , High Chartjs
Database
MS-SQL Server 2019
Role
Development and architecture React JS solution
Description:
For UPS (United Parcel Service), we developed this application. The
ICLS3 program keeps track of transaction, report, and client
information. 1. It keeps track of Customer data according to
country.(Ex: Philips, Amersport) 2. Customers have a variety of
accounts. So it will keep the account data updated. parcel that is
transferred between accounts. 3. Reports on parcel deliveries to
different accounts will be displayed by this program. The report
comprises multiple filter parameters, including region, country, and
date account.
LMS Analytics Shapoorji Pallonji (Aug 2020- Sept 21)-
ITCube Solution
Environment
C# 4.0, ReactJS, JavaScript, High Chartjs,. NET Web API, MaterialUI
Database
MS-SQL Server 2012
Role
Development and architecture React JS solution
Description: The labor management system, or LMS, is the source
application. We are presenting the information graphically
according to the source application. We are displaying the data for
the modules on attendance, labor, wage, and compliance using
various filter parameters according to the region, project, and labor
contractor. High Chart js is the graphical representation tool that
we use.
Project Module.
Region Module.
Corporate Module.
Applying Filter.
CPMS –Kuwait Oil Corporation (Aug 2018- Sept 20)- IT
Cube Solution
Environment
C# 4.0, ASP. NET MVC , Ajax , JavaScript , Jquery
Database
MS-SQL Server 2012
Role
Development
Responsibilities
Involved in requirement gathering and implementation
Development and Maintenance.
Description: In accordance with the labor contract, we are keeping
the labor information up to date. There are two types of labor:
contract-based labor (which is not Kuwaiti labor) and KOC labor
(which is Kuwaiti labor). Based on the nature of labor Regulations
differ from rules. The administrator can establish the policies that
apply to the staff. Admin: Using this system, the admin can
establish attendance policies, holiday policies, and other guidelines
that apply to employees based on project and contract
specifications. The approval group can be set by the admin based on
the module.

BASICACADEMICCREDENTIALS

[REMOVED_SECTION_EDUCATION]

[REMOVED_SECTION_PERSONAL]