[REDACTED_NAME]

Strategy, problem solving, DSA, AOSP, Yocto, System design, Software & prod. development

L: [REDACTED_URL] | [LOCATION][LOCATION]

Exp: 17 years into engineering
Specialisation: Android OS, Security, Yocto Linux, Embedded devices
Product : Automotive digital cockpit | Android TV | IoT gateways
Programming : C++, C, Python, Java, JavaScript
Current Role:
• 

Technical lead

• 

System architecture

• 

Android and Yocto linux

• 

Systems and TARA analysis

• 

Cyber security product owner

Programming

• 
Primary: algorithm, C++, C
• 
Additional: Java, Python, NodeJS
Past one year:
• 
AOSP, Yocto, QNX, OTA, UDS,
telematics, KMS, Architecture
and development, team leading

Embedded firmware

• 

ARM core and internals

• 

Assembly code understanding

• 
Schematics, electronics
component and debugging
Embedded Linux and OS:
• 
WiFi, BT, network
• 
Audio, Multimedia
• 

USB, SPI, I2C

• 

Yocto linux

• 
Peripheral bring-up
• 

Embedded hardware modules

• 
Hypervisor, QEMU
• 

Kernel driver and configuration

• 
Bootloader(u-boot, GRUB)
Engineering practices:
• 

• 

Product roadmap

• 

INCOSE ISO 15288

• 

ASPICE ISO 15504

• 

C-SEC ISO 21434

• 

UN R155, R156

• 

Agile model

• 

Requirement grooming

• 
System design (UML)
• 
Concept, HLD and LLD
• 

Security across product life cycle

Others:
• 

Hardware debugging and probing

• 

AWS cloud infra

• 
Entrepreneurship - business
model, marketing model, product
roadmap and strategy, business
issues, process optimization.

Summary

Product development with product cycle in agile and V model ALM; expertise into software architecture and
component development across the Android stack, low level embedded interfaces and linux. Proficient into cyber
security management and control implementation under ISO 21434. Working into complex softwares involving
virtualized multi OS, multi processor, tooling, backend and embedded peripherals. Security PO and technical lead to
ensure product security implementation. Self motivated, fast learner and ownership driven.

[REMOVED_SECTION_EDUCATION]

Work Experience

2022-12

Till date

Principal Engineer II

Harman, India
• 
Automotive digital cockpit(Android and Yocto) - systems and security architecture; leading on various
automotive features and working with stakeholders; C++, Java, UML implementation such as for ISO
derived algorithm and state machine development. Android and Linux low level interfaces; Qualcomm
and Samsung chipsets, systems of system concept design, PI and Scrum planning. Security feature
implementation based on NIST and ISO guidelines such as driven by TARA to implement controls.
2020-07
2021-07

Principal Engineer

Technicolor, India
• 
Leading Android TV framework development, working with chip vendors, Netflix leadership as technical
SPOC and internal product lead (includes DRM, HDMI, power management, HAL, C++, JavaScript,
AWS) looking at three product lines. Took strategic decisions for business line growth smooth rollout,
corporate issue identification and providing solutions with strong influence.
2020-07
2016-07
Consultant Engineer and self seed stage startup founder
OERDev, Bangalore
Customer portfolio building, product pitching, Market penetration
Seasonal consultant for self funding by switching out from startup for certain period
• 
Automotive, Android BSP, Qemu, Xen hypervisor - Android in hypervisor environment along with
Linux cluster. Solving linux, BIOS, Hypervisor and overall BSP related issues.
• 
Linux Kernel bring-up (for AOSP) - Robert Bosch (India); custom android based robotic device;
peripheral bring-up in Linux kernel, device tree change, boot loader, hardware interfaces; h/w debugging
with digital probs, Android solution development mentoring, object following engine based on AI.
• 
Android Automotive : Vehicle HAL, HVAC, design and development for Wipro.
• 
Yocto Linux (automotive) - resolved software issues into automotive telematics devices, MISRA.
• 
Debian Linux -Consultant to Rently (U. S.) to build a smart home gateway device, google assistant, RNN
AI algorithm and data set update, bluetooth bring-up.
• 
Yocto Linux - Intel startup shell (India); Yocto linux bring-up in IoT devices [GRUB, Kernel, BSP, WiFi,
IoT stack, C, NodeJS].
• 
Embedded Systems - Startups to build software solutions for smart home, smart city and IoT; AI based
parking metre, was in various start-up activities. Had been hosting start-up meetups; built software
consulting ventures for Embedded, IoT based smart home products while working on firmware
development.
2015-01
2016-06

Engineer

Linaro, UK
• 
Worked with Linaro and Google architects and leads to develop android product from thinker stage to
MVP; worked with google cloud team and kernel team to build system design; implemented system
component from scratch to a google production standard design(UML) and coding(Java, C++, C), deep
dive into hardware interface, kernel module, microcontroller firmware, cloud interface.
2013-09
2015-01

Principal Engineer

Hughes Systique, India
• 
Android RIL, Telephony, Audio stack [C++, Java], Xen hypervisor, IoT, Audio codec and RFC.
2011-09
2013-09

Lead Engineer

Collabera, India
• 
Android bring-up, Automotive stack development
[GRUB, U-Boot, Kernel, JNI, Java, C, Connectivity - Bluetooth, WiFi, board bring-up]
2008-09
2011-05
Sr. Software Engineer
Samsung, India
• 
Mobile firmware development [ARM9 architecture, C, AOSP, Bootloader, Trace32]
2006-09
2008-09 Software Engineer
Kyocera, India
• 
Mobile firmware development [ARM9 architecture, C, Qualcomm tools, ream dump analysis, Trace32]

[REDACTED_NAME]

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES

2016 to Till date
Automotive systems and security for Harman (Android and Linux)
Description:
Principal engineer for systems & security domains
including Android HAL, OS internals, vendor implementation for
diagnostics, issues finding in TEE debug, KMS, software update,
virtualization
environment
and
kernel
security.

Stakeholders

engagement
for
requirement
grooming,
high
level
technical
specifications,
system
design,
software
design,
component
development. Work requires expertise in Android and Linux, hardware
peripherals, generalist to overall system as well as system of system
(such as GPS, bluetooth, WiFi, tuner, HTA, BIOS, kernel, bootloader,
android systems internals, KPI, power, applications) and Autosar
knowledge. Hands-on coding in C++ and Java. Product and process
optimization areas findings.
Android TV / STB development for Technicolor
Description: As a principal engineer, to work with chip vendors,
partners, Netflix, and internal few teams, resolving android TV low
level issues. Contribution to product strategy. Work required some
technical understanding of Codec, Multimedia, DRM, TEE OS, HDMI,
power states and HAL implementations. Expertise in coding skills and
analytical skills were the primary requirement. Work involved hands on
into C++, Java, python and NodeJS.
Peripheral bring-up in Android device for Robert Bosch
Description: To add touch screen (I2C) and HDMI, modules to
Qulacomm board, to interface external microcontroller to the device for
controlling motors and sensors and make it working from kernel layer
bring-up as well as implementation of Android framework service to
build control stack. Worked at hardware debugging with I2C sniffer and
CRO probe along with hardware engineers to go through schematics
and PCB. Android customization as per product requirements.
[startup] Smart Home (IoT) gateway development
Description: Yocto Linux bring-up into Intel board and pkgmgr. IoT
gateway interface with several sensor controllers, such as LED strip,
relay, analog sensors etc using low level interfaces, such as I2C, GPIO,
USB, UART. ARM mBed for BLE gateway and end node interface.
REST interface - Java, C, Android. Did research on building a
dashboard and to come out with suitable frameworks. Built machine
learning based smart city camera based on tensorflow and yolo with
OCR and DNN model. Additionally used dlib SDK for motion tracing.
Got traction for investment and built seed fund investor partnership.
[contractor] Yocto based Embedded gateway bring-up for Intel
Platform: Intel 32 bit and 64 bit processor
Description: To interact with customers and build secure IoT gateway
device development based on Yocto and Intel secure boot . Had to work
on Grub bootloader, linux kernel, peripheral bring-up(bluetooth, WiFi,
Zigbee)
and
iotivity
stack
bringup
and
package
manager
implementation
for
application
sandboxing.

NodeJs

bringup,
customised Yocto recipe as per customer requirement. Worked on four
such different devices all based on Intel 32 bit and 64 bit processors.
[startup] Android traveller application and cloud development
Description: Implemented Android solution with MongoDB, NodeJS,
Express into DevOps. Implemented data analysis at cloud for learning
user activity and providing suggestions. Used facebook API, Google
place

API,

Google Maps API, recyclerview and fragments for
application development. Did marketing of the built solution to find
potential partners and VC to invest in further expansion of the MVP.
Got market traction.
[startup] Smart city gateway development
Description: Requirement analysis and worked on ESP8266 based multi
node network solution for interfacing nodes over MQTT and REST
interfaces to gateway. Built gateway, coded in Node-RED, for complete
solution. Built a team of new engineers to work on firmware.
Automotive BSP for AMD (Android and Linux)
Description:

Worked

on
android
and

Linux

BSP

software
customization, hypervisor, VirtIO. Working at android IO systems,
QEMU and Xen hypervisor configuration. Knowledge of BIOS, inter
processor communication, in depth knowledge of AOSP, android
emulation, GRUB configuration were needed to troubleshoot issues.
Also did performance matrix and optimization for hypervisor, linux,
Android OS and BIOS. Worked on intel architecture and android
runtime analysis for ABI translation.
[startup] Connected vehicle Startup business plan
Business: Pitched business plan to VCs in London with marketing,
funding plan and 5 year roadmap. Tested market interest and hypothesis
test and built a small founding team, however didn’t proceed due to
financial risk. Built partners successfully to foster the implementation
and scaling the solution in the green energy field. Demonstrated startup
MVP strategy to reduce the cost.
Telematics RIL development based on Yocto and Android for LG
Description: Code customization in Telephony + RIL framework, based
on Android, C++ coding for telematics devices. Coding standards
followed based on automotive MISRA compliance and Yocto based OS.
Good hands on with C++ coding required to perform my job. Coding
was the primary work.
[contractor] Smart home gateway hub development
Platform: Dabian Linux, Android, Google cloud, Google voice assistant
Programming: NodeJS
Description: Port Linux OS into Mediatek based embedded board,
integrated wake word detection engine and google voice assistant;
fixing issues around peripheral, u-boot environment, kernel device tree.
Implemented NodeJS based service interfacing BLE and Android OS
customization. RNN AI algorithm integration and dataset update.
Android O based Automotive infotainment HAL development
Platform: Android O for Car | Programming: C, C++
Description: Did design automotive Car HAL as an architect in UML
and design discussion with Sr. technical architects. Implementation of
code based on design and to do further development. To explore android
automotive HAL interfaces and higher stack provided by Google and
mentoring other engineers for reference app implementation for
verification of HAL implementation. To mentor application integrator
engineers and resolve issues. To make pre-built client applications to
work on Android O.
[startup]Implementation of various embedded devices
Platform: Broadcom processor, NodeMCU/ESP8266, Arduino Uno,
ATtiny85, NRF51822, sensor modules, MT7688
Programming: Java, C, NodeJS, Lua, Arduino, OpenWRT, Linux,
Android, Android Things, mBed.
Description: Implementing end to end solution along with mentoring
the engineering team. End sensor node firmware development with
programming. Gateway research and development with programming.
Integration to cloud. MEAN stack implementation. Hardware selection
and proposal creation to fit in system design and BOM. Some R&D on
development strategy to reduce effort and money to reduce end product
cost. Also developed a few 3D enclosure mechanical models with
fusion 360 and 3D printed for MVP demo. Worked with contractors to
develop PCB manufacturing and assembly. Partner and supplier
built-up.
[startup] IoT gateway development
Platform: NodeJS, Node-RED, Yocto Linux, Kaa SDK
Description: Added C++ SDK interface with JavaScript using NAN
interface. IoT backend gateway implementation for fetching street data
to analytics dashboard. Mentored a few engineers to build ESP32 based
edge nodes and WiFi mesh. Worked with manufacturers to make the
product market ready.

[REDACTED_NAME]

2006 to 2015
Android OS stack specification, design and development for Linaro
Description:

Implemented

Ara

manager
framework
stack
upon
Qualcomm hardware system service, JNI, AIDL, HAL interface, binder,
daemon and SDK library. Worked closely with Linaro and Google
architect. HLD and LLD design, implementation in JAVA, C and C++.
Worked with domains, kernel, MCU firmware and cloud team for
concept and design discussion. Visited Google HQ at MV, California,
US; Linaro meetup at [LOCATION]US; San Francisco, US for implemented
solution integration to the device and to sync with other teams.
IoT server automation framework, Android
Platform: JAVA, Ubuntu, Tradefed, Android, MQTT, Android Studio
Description: MQTT mock server setup within LAN, server stub
implementation in Java, MQTT and HTTP message traffic simulation
from server and mobile app. Issue analysis with tcpdump and wireshark.
SDP and SIP protocol analysis for an IP phone based solution issue fixes.
VOIP audio and SIP implementation, Android
Description: Implementation update and bug fixing for VOIP solution
based on SDP, SIP. Also, identified suitable audio compression solution,
speex, and added to the implementation through research upon available
optimal solutions. Did benchmarking the developed solution with
different field scenario simulations.
MM1 proxy server development
Description: Implemented MM1 proxy server RFC single handedly for
telecom messaging server protocols for frame and PDU parsing and
packing. Implemented logic to take SMS and MMS traffic over IoT
protocol stack based on MQTT and HTTP.
Android customization, HAL and JNI development on
Qualcomm Snapdragon S2
Role: Technology research, solution development at android framework
(JNI, HAL and system services) and application development with the
help of my team of 4-6 engineers, mentoring them and self coding.
Soaris and RedHat OS issues root case finding
Description: Debugging, root cause analysis and fixing Linux OS issues
with the help of kernel logs and system logs.

BREW OEM developer for Samsung phones

Description: Worked as BREW OEM engineer for CDMA phones, based
on Qualcomm ARM core hipsets - QSC6030, QSC6075. NAND ROM
customization, RAM dump analysis and fixing complex issues by low
level debugging (C and assembly programming) with Trace32 debugger.

Getting

test
engineers
involved
and

RR certification done with

Qualcomm. Interaction with telecom companies for software issues and
resolving/closing the issues. Worked for telephony (wireshark tool,
QXDM), and middleware development. Was responsible for BREW OEM
layer
for

CDMA

Asia

and

Africa

regions, specially [LOCATION]and
Thailand. Travelled to Thailand for product release support.
BREW platform stability on Kyocera phones on Qualcomm

Hardware

Platform: Qualcomm MSM chip-ARM9, Trace32, QXDM, QPST,

Description: Worked for BREW platform based CDMA phones for the
US market; Used Trace32 debugging tools with good understanding of
ARM9 architecture, QXDM; was involved in extending interface layer,
worked with L4 microkernel, RAM dump analysis for fixing low level
crash issues.

Android Telephony Framework and RIL Changes

Description: Code change estimation; modified RIL daemon and library
to implement support call routing, within phone, between cellular
network and wifi network based on certain parameters. Modified request
handling part coming from the upper application layer.
Android Audio stack analysis and HAL changes
Platform: Android [Android framework, Audio, HAL]
Description: TinyAlsa, Audioflinger, audio policy manager, Linux audio
pseudo driver. Doing some minor changes at Audio HAL.
Android porting, Intel and TI SoCs
Description: Android, Intel Atom, OMAP3, GRUB bootloader, Linux
file system, Linux kernel, Android HAL, Android system services and
JNI. Ported Android stack into x86 based rugged tablet device with Grub
bootloader configuration, debugging at HAL layer. Built custom ROM
image. Debugging and fixing hardware bringup issues such as mesa
display lib, bluez, wifi wpa supplicant, serial interface. Ported Android
into TI OMAP3 along with u-boot and customised kernel training and
mentoring a small team. Mentored team for application development.
Experiment execution of Xen hypervisor in intel platform.

Android framework stability

Duration: February 2011 to May 2011
Platform: Qualcomm MSM chipset-ARM9, Trace32, Android file
system | Programming: C, C++, Java
Description: Android framework development, finding issue root cause
at android framework and fixing independently.

Samsung platform stability on Samsung phones

Duration: November 2008 to February 2009
Platform: Qualcomm MSM chip-ARM9, Trace32, QXDM, QPST,
ethereal [ARM, phone firmware]
Description: Wrote code for RUIM interface driver by using SAP native
low level platform and to expose APIs to OEM layer with parsed data to
the app layer; involved into fixing raised issues.
Qualcomm and Kyocera native platform stability on Qualcomm

Hardware

Duration: November 2006 to July 2007
Platform: Qualcomm MSM chip-ARM9, Trace32, QXDM, QPST,

Description: Worked for CDMA phones; Used debugging tools Trace32
JTAG, QXDM Qualcomm logger. Worked for the call-processing
module; was more involved in debugging issues at ARM low level code
with understanding of ARM9 assembly codes; debugging REX kernel.

Automotive rig development

Duration: Jan 2006 to October 2006
Platform: PIC microcontroller - PIC16F84A [Hardware design]
Description: Microchip Assembly coding, C, Circuit designing around
microcontroller, PCB designing for Multilink [LOCATION]. Worked with
production lines to understand tools and limitations. Got a solution
proposal selected with new electronic circuit and firmware design (in
assembly coding) which reduced production line QA error from 30% to
0% and was put in use in the production line. Did firmware development
for engine heating ECU development.