[REDACTED_NAME]

[REDACTED_EMAIL]

(Mob-[REDACTED_PHONE])
Title: Sr. Consultant
Location:
Languages: English, Marathi, Hindi
Experience Summary
I am Senior Consultant with overall 6.8 years of IT experience in software design, development and maintenance
of Enterprise Integrations and Enterprise web applications.
I have worked in all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle like requirement gathering, design,
development, testing, implementation, and support thereby gaining extensive functional cum technical
knowledge
Expert on MuleSoft Anypoint Platform and Integration technologies , Mulesoft being the major part of the
journey. Skilled in MuleSoft , Oracle SOA Suite, Oracle Service Bus, and Agile Methodologies. Currently playing a
role of Software Engineer exhibiting skills and ability to handle multiple concurrent priorities/tasks in fast-paced
environment. I have acquired good exposure to Continuous Integration and Delivery tools surrounding Anypoint
Platform. Additionally, MySQL, Postman and CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, and Bitbucket are the areas which I
have worked upon as part of the project delivery.


KEY SKILLS


 Functional:
 Technical:
Bitbucket, Gitlab , sql

EXPERIENCE

01 Type of Industry:

PROJECTS

Description:
Role/Title:
Project Duration:
Responsibilities:
Resume |
.
Sprint Planning
MuleSoft , Anypoint Platform, Anypoint Studio, Mule ESB , Postman , Jenkins ,
Capgemini (Nov 2023 till date)
Retail

PVH CORP

Consultant
Nov 2022 till date
 Implemented integration flows using Mule Anypoint Studio to connect to REST, SOAP service, Oracle Database.
 Developing flows / orchestrations for integrating the components written on
top of different internal platforms using Mule ESB and ActiveMQ.
 Experience in integrating Cloud applications like SFDC, Kafka & Intact using
MuleSoft ESB.

Operating Systems:
Software /
Languages:
01 Type of Industry:

PROJECTS

Description:
Role/Title:
Project Duration:
Responsibilities:
Operating Systems:
Software /
Languages:
Type of Industry

Resume |
 Experience in integrating of different systems that includes Data Base, JMS.
 Involved in Transformations using Data Weave to transform data from one
format to another format using Mule ESB.
 Involved in creating http inbound & outbound flows and orchestration using
Mule ESB.
 Worked with MuleSoft AnypointAPI Platform on designing the RAML for
implementing REST API's
 Implemented RAML files for different entity creations and respective
associations.
 Implemented and used Web Services with the help of WSDL and SOAP to get
updates from the third parties.
 Used Mule soft logger for logging and debugging of the application.
 Business requirements analysis by interacting with the Lead/Architect.
Windows
MuleSoft, Anypoint Studio, Anypoint Platform, Bitbucket, Jenkins , Postman, Azure
explorer, Goanywhere.

WIPRO

Utility and Resources
National Grid
Jun 2021 to Nov 2021
 I have worked as a Mulesoft tech lead where I have developed the rest apis for
the client consisting of the system layer , process layer and experience layer.
Followed the coding standardards as ler the C4E guidelines.
Windows
MuleSoft, Anypoint Studio, Anypoint Platform, Bitbucket, Jenkins , Postman, Azure
explorer, Go anywhere
Accenture
Production


PROJECTS

Description:
Role/Title:
Project Duration:
Responsibilities:
Training, Certifications & Affiliations
 Mulesoft Certified Developer - Level 1 (MULE 4)
 Azure Fundamentals Certification - AZ-900
 OIC Application Integration Associate 2019 (1Z0-1042)
 Awarded with the SPOT Award for outstanding performance and lasting contributionin Quarterly Rewards
and Recognition.
 Agilist safe 5
 Certified Connected Manager