Mrs.   Amarlal
Permanent & Current - Flat no. 305, Pavilion Residency,
Mahalunge, Balewadi
Pune 411045.
No:
id. –

Experience

CAREER OBJECTIVE
Hoerbiger India Pvt Limited (Oct 2021 – till date) (Lead Finance

Analyst)

The major experience and skills gained during the period are:

Involved in management decision making and assist from finance
perspective.

Controlling - Yearly Budget planning, Monthly Forecasting, and

year end estimate updates for entity as well as region APAC.

Accounting – Month end & Year end closing in SAP S4P for

  entity.

Results-driven finance professional
with 9+ years of experience in
financial analysis, strategic
planning, and budgeting. Seeking a
managerial role to leverage
expertise in driving business
growth, fostering collaboration,
and leading high-performance
teams towards achieving
organizational goals.

Management reporting - Monthly preparation, Analysis, and

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION

presentation of operational business review to Management for
entity & APAC region.

Presentation to top management (viz. CEO & CFO) of operating
results of the region quarterly & to regional   - monthly.
DIPLOMA IFRS (ACCA U.K)
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANT (ICAI)
GRADUATION IN COMMERCE

Kaizen – 1 accounting headcount saving in   entity by process

ACHIEVEMENTS

improvement ideas (savings of 65m JPY per annum).
Completed growth program

Analyzing entity results viz. SG&A cost and taking initiatives in
controlling the same.

at   ( ) for
young leaders.
British Petroleum (shared service center) (Mar 2021 – Oct 2021)
Awarded Spot recognition

The major experience and skills gained during the period are:

in   for extended
support for MEC as backup
for   entity controller.

Intercompany agreement creation, Intercompany reconciliation &
variance analysis
Awarded with Spot award

for quick learning in  .

Calculation cost recharges and charging the same to other group
companies. Settling once payment is received.
Awarded with Kudos for
FIS Global solutions India Pvt. Ltd. (Shared Service Center) 4+

years (Jan 2017 – Mar 2021)

Team work and taking up
responsibilities of other
team members as well.

The major experience and skills gained during the period are:
Helper in Sahyadri Seva

Sang.  (Association working

Taking over transition of new legal entities for shared service to
be performed from  .

Assisted in system transition.

for education of
unprivileged kids)

Preparation & presentation of standalone financial statements,
notes to accounts and audit independently of subsidiaries of FIS
based on IFRS.

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY

Variance analysis, tax filings, transfer pricing co ordination and
statutory compliances.
1 & ½ year post qualification working experience in Tulsi

Extrusions Ltd , ( May 2015 – Oct 2016)

Working knowledge regarding
application package SAP,  ,
ChatGPT, Oracle, Blackline, MS
Office, TallyERP9.

The major experience and skills gained during the period are:

PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth: 17thJan, 1992
Father’s name: Mr.

Preparation of financial statements (Profit and loss, Balance sheet,
Cash flow statement, Notes).


Languages known: Hindi,

Assisted in Company audit, Income tax audit & Vat audit of Tulsi
Extrusions Ltd.

English, Sindhi & Marathi
Hobbies: swimming, cooking &

Analysis/Variance analysis of financial statements (Balance Sheet
& Profit & Loss Account) including notes to accounts.

reading books.

PERSONAL ASSET

3 years intensive full time training under the guidance of Jain Agrawal
& Associates, Chartered Accountants, Jalgaon.(From Aug 2011 – Aug
2014)

My strength may be marked with
three words:-
Accept
Adapt
Achieve

These are the three assets with
which I work.

DECLARATION

I hereby ensure that all above mentioned data is true to the best of my knowledge.

 :   (Maharashtra)