[REDACTED_NAME]

Technical Lead (Android Developer)

[REDACTED_CONTACT_LINE]


TECHNICAL SKILLS


8.5+ years of experience in Android Mobile application design, development , deployment.

Proficient in Java, Kotlin with expertise in the Kotlin programming language and coroutines for efficient asynchronous
programming

Experience working with data via REST API, JSON and third-party libraries APIs , Copilot and AI tools

Strong understanding of the full mobile development life cycle.

Knowledge of multithreading and memory management specific to mobile devices , caching mechanisms , offline storage,
threading, and performance tuning with tools, accessibility.

Well versed with CI/CD principles, and actively involved in solving troubleshooting issues in distributed services ecosystem

Knowledge on MVVM, Clear Architecture, Solid Principles, DI, Firebase, perfetto.,

Best Coding, Security, Unit testing and Documentation standards.

Basic Jackpack compose

Proven ability to handle projects as an individual contributor, application lead, and module lead across various team sizes

4+ years of experience in team management.

Initiated user engagement strategies, fostering innovation through iterative feedback and user-centric design principles.

EXPERIENCE

Paytm
Aug 2017-Present
Technical Lead

Lead a team of 4 Senior Software Engineers, managing Scan & Pay and COMS module with over 65 millions monthly active
Android users

Developed several features from ground up, including UPI Push, UPI Lite, UPI TRAP, Postpaid, EMI and Coms SDK.

Implemented Clean architecture for multiple modules, achieving a unit test coverage of 80% .

Collaborated with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality solutions for high-traffic users within project deadlines

Optimized QR detection to Payment Flow page and successfully reduced time by 80% .

Also successfully delivered Paytm First, Deals, Loyalty , Quick Payments, Enhance GA Handling.
Craterzone
June 2015 - Aug 2017
Software Engineer
Homesmart : Created UI components for mobile interface, implemented socket connections, maintained backend API,
developed firmware files, and communicated with clients.
Teenguard : Managed Agent functionality, UI for Client Feeds feature, API integration, tracking, and database management.

Join8 for Customer : Managed UI components, API calls, and backend system maintenance.

Interacting with Clients to gather requirements.

[REMOVED_SECTION_EDUCATION]