[REDACTED_NAME]

[REDACTED_EMAIL]

[REDACTED_PHONE]

[REDACTED_URL]


SUMMARY



SKILLS


WORK EXPERIENCE


Leena AI Pvt. Ltd. - Sales and Revenue Operations Manager

07/2021 - 04/2025

• Streamlined CRM management within Growth Squad for optimal

eﬀiciency.
Responsible for renewing orders based on subscription.

• Customer Success Operations

Streamlined sales processes to enhance team eﬀiciency and reduce bottlenecks.

Established standardized workflows to promote best practices in CRM utilization.

Enhanced operational eﬀiciency by simplifying complex processes.

Coordinated meetings with Sales Leaders and Reps to navigate deal closures and
obstacles.

• Sales forecasting
• Maintained hygiene, ensuring comprehensive deal tracking at account

level.
Directed oversight of various dashboards, including Sales, Forecast, and Revenue
metrics across geos.

Managed CRM system for accurate tracking of customer interactions and leads.


CERTIFICATIONS


Created quotes in Salesforce for GSuite, GMaps, AWS, and Workplace with
accurate margins.

Create quotes and validate those as per SOW or PO.

Make sure Sales Rep pipeline is healthy, if not connect with Marketing and push
for more leads

Generated reports using Google Docs and Spreadsheets for SOW and process flow

02/2018 - 01/2020

Employed Lightning for generating reports and managing ERP functions.

Delivered monthly reports on accounts created for GSuite and Cloud Platform to
relevant teams.
Ensured every company had an associated deal and contact within Salesforce.

Rockwell Automation - Sales Operation Analyst
• I worked as a Sales Operations Analyst and created quotes for Rockwell Automationinstalled parts for the U. S.

Use of Hub Spot for creating accounts, contacts, and deals.

Confirming the renewal date and contract details in Hub Spot.

Use of Hub Spot for creating quotes and sending them out to customers for
signing.
Close look at the sales cycle, deal movement using the sales pipeline, and
improve the process wherever required.
Create reports and dashboards for sales, marketing, and CSM.

Create workflow, custom property, tickets, and forecast goals for sales rep.

Creating and assigning recurring triggers, like auto tasks and mail at regular
intervals.
Tata Technologies - Supply Chain Specialist
06/2014 - 01/2018
Review and ensure appropriate replenishment for customer-down, and
emergency orders.
Creating new orders for the aftermarket using Oracle Install Base.

Keep an eye on safety stock and the lifecycle of the part before placing orders.

Provide timely feedback on delivery status to internal and external customers
through Part Notes, according to business requirements.
Prepare process documents, and update the SOP after the final discussion with
the region.
Manage the parts supersession process to minimize obsolete/excess inventory,
working together with product managers and Customer Service where necessary.
Interface and proactively work together with other functions, stakeholders, if any
roadblocks occur during inventory management.
Closed and onboarded big accounts like Globe Telecom, Zydus, Etihad Airways,
Idea, TATA sons, Delhivery, Provogue, IOCL, HPCL, IGL, Nestle, Grofers, Upgrad,
etc.
Awarded Trend setter Award in 2022 and SPOT Award in Jan 2023 and June 2023
at Leena AI.
• Received letter of recommendation from Head & VP-Enterprise business and